README.md, before:

**TODO**
Find bhvassassin in all Assassins Creed games up to valhalla
link: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/68n3ibc1jxa88tsscxzdz/ACBF_Getname_DataStructure_v2b.pdf?rlkey=x8iz3hhydkf6b1px1kywgrpxs&e=1&dl=0

**Autosplitters and load removers for Assassin's Creed Games:**

	-All autosplitters and load removers are integrated into livesplit/going to be.
	-To activate them edit splits then click activate
	-Look at settings for some features by defult all features except (autosplit, autostart, autoreset, and load remover) are turned off.
	-To get Load remover compare against Game time on livesplit or add a timer that only displays the gametime. Not all games have a Load remover so keep that in mind

**Assassin's Creed 2:**

	-Splits on some missions not all
	-may only work on steam

**Assassin's Creed Brotherhood:**

	-Splits when both percentage and money changes or when one of them changes
 	-Autostart
	-may only work on steam

**Assassin's Creed Revelations:**

	-Load Remover
	-Splits the same way as Brotherhood
	-may work only on steam

**Assassin's Creed 3 Remastered:**

	-Autostart
	-Loadremover
	-Can split on most missions but not all of them
	-works on steam and ubi connect

**Assassin's Creed Liberation Remastered:**

	-Splits on most if not all missions
	-Autostart
	-loadremover
	-works on ubi connect and steam

**Assassin's Creed Liberation:**

	-Autosplit on all if not all missions
	-Loadremover
	-Only for steam but may work on ubisoft connect

**Assassin's Creed FreedomCry:**

	-Autosplits on percentage change so basically every mission but might not idk
   	-No load remover
	-meant for standalone version of freedom cry not the dlc for blackflag.
	-Meant for steam but could work on ubi connect not plus


**Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag:**

	-Autostart
	-loadremove
	-splits for basically every mission
	-support for 100%
	-works on steam and ubiconnect

**Assassin's Creed Rogue:**

	-Auto Start(NOTE BE SURE TO BE READY TO SPRINT LIKE HELL! TIMER STARTS AFTER THE IGT REACHES 1 MINIUTE)
	-loadremover
	-splits for basically every mission
 	-made for steam may work on ubiconnect
 
**Assassin's Creed Unity(made by Akilo updated by me):**

	  -Autostart
	  -Loadremover
	  -Splits on all missions
	  -option to split on chests and sync points being collected only useful for 100%

**Assassin's Creed Syndicate:**

	  -Autostart
	  -Loadremover
	  -DLC support
	  -Splits on all missions
	  -support on steam and ubi connect

**Assassin's Creed Origins(Original load remover made by demented salad):**

	  -Support for steam and ubi connect
	  -Splits on all quests which reward valid xp amounts
	  -loadremover
	  -dlc support

**Assassin's Creed Odyessey(Original load remover made by Cyn):**

	  Work in progress but will only have ubi connect support

**Assassin's Creed Valahalla:**

	  Work in progress but will only have ubi connect support

**Assassin's Creed Mirage(Original loadremover made by Demented Salad):**

	  -Load remover
	  -support only for ubiconnect

**Assassin's Creed Shadows:**

	-For now only loadremover
	-Support for only steam version
** Assassin's Creed Chronicles China:**

 	-Autosplits on end screen
	-Shows IGT if you want it to 
 	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus

**Assassin's Creed Chronicles India:**

 	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus
	-Autosplits on EndScreen couldnt be asked to get the igt sorry

 Assassin's Creed Chronicles Russia:

	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus
 	-Autosplits on EndScreen couldnt be asked to get the igt sorry

Commit message:

Update README with Assassin's Creed 1 autosplitter info
Added specific details about autosplitters for Assassin's Creed 1.

Signed-off-by: TpRedNinja <152395020+TpRedNinja@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

**TODO**
Find bhvassassin in all Assassins Creed games up to valhalla
link: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/68n3ibc1jxa88tsscxzdz/ACBF_Getname_DataStructure_v2b.pdf?rlkey=x8iz3hhydkf6b1px1kywgrpxs&e=1&dl=0

**Autosplitters and load removers for Assassin's Creed Games:**

	-All autosplitters and load removers are integrated into livesplit/going to be.
	-To activate them edit splits then click activate
	-Look at settings for some features by defult all features except (autosplit, autostart, autoreset, and load remover) are turned off.
	-To get Load remover compare against Game time on livesplit or add a timer that only displays the gametime. Not all games have a Load remover so keep that in mind
**Assassin's Creed 1:**
	
	-Splist on maxhealth increasing
	-splits on gaining the last health segment in the tutorial
	-splits when your maxhealth gets set to 4
**Assassin's Creed 2:**

	-Splits on some missions not all
	-may only work on steam

**Assassin's Creed Brotherhood:**

	-Splits when both percentage and money changes or when one of them changes
 	-Autostart
	-may only work on steam

**Assassin's Creed Revelations:**

	-Load Remover
	-Splits the same way as Brotherhood
	-may work only on steam

**Assassin's Creed 3 Remastered:**

	-Autostart
	-Loadremover
	-Can split on most missions but not all of them
	-works on steam and ubi connect

**Assassin's Creed Liberation Remastered:**

	-Splits on most if not all missions
	-Autostart
	-loadremover
	-works on ubi connect and steam

**Assassin's Creed Liberation:**

	-Autosplit on all if not all missions
	-Loadremover
	-Only for steam but may work on ubisoft connect

**Assassin's Creed FreedomCry:**

	-Autosplits on percentage change so basically every mission but might not idk
   	-No load remover
	-meant for standalone version of freedom cry not the dlc for blackflag.
	-Meant for steam but could work on ubi connect not plus


**Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag:**

	-Autostart
	-loadremove
	-splits for basically every mission
	-support for 100%
	-works on steam and ubiconnect

**Assassin's Creed Rogue:**

	-Auto Start(NOTE BE SURE TO BE READY TO SPRINT LIKE HELL! TIMER STARTS AFTER THE IGT REACHES 1 MINIUTE)
	-loadremover
	-splits for basically every mission
 	-made for steam may work on ubiconnect
 
**Assassin's Creed Unity(made by Akilo updated by me):**

	  -Autostart
	  -Loadremover
	  -Splits on all missions
	  -option to split on chests and sync points being collected only useful for 100%

**Assassin's Creed Syndicate:**

	  -Autostart
	  -Loadremover
	  -DLC support
	  -Splits on all missions
	  -support on steam and ubi connect

**Assassin's Creed Origins(Original load remover made by demented salad):**

	  -Support for steam and ubi connect
	  -Splits on all quests which reward valid xp amounts
	  -loadremover
	  -dlc support

**Assassin's Creed Odyessey(Original load remover made by Cyn):**

	  Work in progress but will only have ubi connect support

**Assassin's Creed Valahalla:**

	  Work in progress but will only have ubi connect support

**Assassin's Creed Mirage(Original loadremover made by Demented Salad):**

	  -Load remover
	  -support only for ubiconnect

**Assassin's Creed Shadows:**

	-For now only loadremover
	-Support for only steam version
** Assassin's Creed Chronicles China:**

 	-Autosplits on end screen
	-Shows IGT if you want it to 
 	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus

**Assassin's Creed Chronicles India:**

 	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus
	-Autosplits on EndScreen couldnt be asked to get the igt sorry

 Assassin's Creed Chronicles Russia:

	-Works on steam may work on ubi connect but no ubi plus
 	-Autosplits on EndScreen couldnt be asked to get the igt sorry
